Over the last lectures we learn a lot about how we can use that template created by the Selye and how
we can split our view code over multiple files how we can put our components into their own dot view
files and how that of course makes it much easier for us to focus on the individual components and even
use more features in DS to view files.
Now feel free to play around we have to start new files and use the features you learned about in the
chase for like samples.
They should work here too.
And you even can use case sensitive event names.
Now if you want for your custom events.
But I know when I go into the single page application direction because right now yeah we use only one
page to then use a couple of different components to build that page but we're not able to switch between
pages.
And with that I mean give the user the impression of switching pages.
So that is what I will do in the next Electress when we introduced the router a nice tool which allows
us to well route the user to different pages.
So to basically change your L and load different components depending on the you are el.